Due to Covid-19, many people were quarantined at home, and according to WHO, more than 80% of the world's adolescent population is insufficiently physically active but the most common age range lies in the range of 50-70. These ages are also more prone to diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer, and diabetes. Insufficient physical activity also leads to obesity and symptoms of depression and anxiety. After our survey, We found that almost 60% of the older adults in India are looking for an alternative platform to maintain and track their fitness goals.

BFIT is a one-stop fitness app that tracks all fitness activities of older adults and also provides you with expert-reviewed videos which help you to understand each and every exercise with perfection and help you to boost fitness.

1. BFIT is a multi-linguistic app, which makes the app more accessible, interactive, and user-friendly to older adults.

2. BFIT provides a very own expert AI-based voice health coach which helps older adults to stay on track towards their goals and answer their simple queries regarding fitness and workouts.

3. Through BFIT, older adults can book appointments online and consult a doctor over a video call to avoid the hassle of travel and costs.

The first consultancy will be free for all the new users, which will help the older adults understand their physical health and the type of BFIT workout module they should start with and track their fitness accordingly.

After the first consultancy, The users can either opt for on-demand payment for the next sessions of the consultancy or they can also opt for a monthly subscription which will provide them 4 free consultancies per month with some add-on workout modules specially designed by our expert health coaches.

Apart from all these features, the user can access the tracking features like step count and calorie count with a lot of pre-instructed BFIT workout modules in the BFIT free tier.

We, at BFIT, are committed to helping specially-abled people. So all the specially-abled patients will get free access to all the features of the app.

To support the ideologies of our honorable prime minister Mr. Narendra Modi Ji and his mission to make a fit India with the Fit India movement. We would like to encourage people to remain healthy and fit by including physical activities in their daily lives.

"FITNESS IS NOT MERELY AN EXERCISE BUT A WAY TO ATTAIN PEACE THROUGH PHYSICAL, 
                         MENTAL AND SPIRITUAL WELL-BEING" - Shri Narendra Modi Ji